Add project overview and list of repositories (#1)
All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/.github: profile/README.md

# Using FIDO2 In Electronic Locking Systems 🔐

![Unlocking an electronic lock using a FIDO2 hardware authenticator](img/unlock.jpeg)

> This group is a result of the *Hot Topics in Secure Identity Research* seminar at the Hasso-Plattner-Institute (HPI).

Reviewer: Link to HPI?

In one semester, we evaluated whether FIDO2 can be used not only for authentication in the web,
but also for authentication offline in electronic locking systems.

This organization holds the changes we made to existing tools in order to build a working proof
of concept.

> It uses a Solo 2 hacker edition as the FIDO2 authenticator, an ACR-122U NFC reader, a Raspberry Pi 3B+, and some status LEDs.

Reviewer: Link to solo keys or kickstarter?

![Proof of concept consisting of a Solo 2, ACR-122U and Raspberry Pi](img/poc.png)

## Repository Overview

We modified the following components of the Solo 2 firmware and tools to include the necessary CTAP 2.1 features:

- [solo2](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/solo2/tree/feature/fido-2-1-large-blobs)
- [fido-authenticator](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/fido-authenticator/tree/feature/fido-2-1-large-blobs)
- [ctap-types](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/ctap-types/tree/feature/fido-2-1-largeBlobs)
- [apdu-dispatch](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/apdu-dispatch)
- [oath-authenticator](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/oath-authenticator)
- [admin-app](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/admin-app)
- [ctaphid-dispatch](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/ctaphid-dispatch)
- [lpc55-host](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/lpc55-host/tree/fix/configure-pfr)

To test our firmware changes and simulate a lock, we developed a small suite of tools for FIDO2.

> As Chromium uses GZIP we added the GZIP compression to the `libfido2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even though the CTAP2.1 standard specifies DEFLATE (RFC 1951) for large blob compression, Chromium uses GZIP (RFC 1952). Therefore, we added GZIP compression to the `libfido2` for now. We will file a bug for Chromium to fix this behavior.
```

- [fido2-debug-client](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/fido2-debug-client)
- [libfido2](https://github.com/All-Your-Locks-Are-Belong-To-Us/libfido2/tree/feature/large-blob-use-gzip)

> Finally, we write access rights onto a FIDO2 authenticator using a small web application.

Reviewer: Link to wau?
